<h2>Usage</h2>

- Endpoint of the API is "/users/statistics"
- API accepts http "POST" requests where the body of the request is an array of user data generated by the API at https://www.randomuser.me
- Response contains the following statistics about the array:
    - "1. Percentage female versus male"
    - "2. Percentage of first names that start with A-M versus N-Z"
    - "3. Percentage of last names that start with A-M versus N-Z"
    - "4. Percentage of people in each state, up to the top 10 most populous states"
    - "5. Percentage of females in each state, up to the top 10 most populous states"
    - "6. Percentage of males in each state, up to the top 10 most populous states"
    - "7. Percentage of people in the following age ranges: 0-20, 21-40, 41-60, 61-80, 81-100, 100+"
- The format of the response depends on the "Accept" header of the request:
    - "\*/*\" (default): responds JSON
    - "application/json": responds JSON
    - "application/XML": responds XML
    - "text/plain": responds plain text

<h2>Objectives</h2>

- [X] Expose endpoint 
- [X] Accept JSON data
- [X] Determine format from "Accept" header from HTTP request
- [X] Output statistics:
    - [X] JSON (application/json)
    - [X] Plain text
    - [X] XML
- [X] Appropriate test coverage (/api-tests/api_tests.py)
- [X] Proper documentation
- [X] Refactor
- [X] Pushed to Github repository
- [ ] Hosted on Heroku

<h2>Assumptions</h2>

- When considering statistics #2 and #3, "A-M/N-Z" means specifically latin characters; names in languages that use non-latin alphabets are excluded from percentage calculation and the number of such names is displayed as "other"
- If there are states with the same populations, for statistics #4 and #5, the 10 shown will be "first-come, first-serve" based on their position in the input "results" array
    
<h2>Tools</h2>

- ExpressJS: ReST API JS Framework
- Body Parser: Interpreting JSON body data from POST request
- xml-js: Converting JSON to XML
- Postman: Easy http requests without code


<h2>Notes</h2>

- GET should only be used for retrievel of information using request URI, NOT for a payload. As such, POST is used for submitting JSON as the body of the API request

<h2>Potential Improvements</h2>

- Implement Google's transliteration api for conversion of a arabic scripts to latin scripts to clean up the output formatting
